##lots more to talk about!

Unfortunately time has got the better of me and there is a lot to still express in the proposal...the following points represent a brainstorm of these ideas:

1.  a visual indication of pitch so that a skilled musician would be able to make us of the UI … rather than just a random jumble of sounds;
2.  more refined and configurable samples (maybe allow people to write their own sampling algorithm);
3. sample the real sound byte and this could be played back as a mode option;
4. collect samples across the internet so each user would have an account and the ability to share their sample libraries;
5. save sample libraries;
6. better touch playback;
7. improve playback features … create repeaters, beats, beat accents etc
8. add calibration … have been using headphone speakers for input so other input devices will have various input strength;
9. better timing and the ability to playback a series of samples in a timed manner...thinking keyframes here;
10. better describe the desktop component of the installation (have been playing around on Sony Vaio touch screen and is very responsive;
11. the visualisation mode of the app would represent a forest of sounds. Where each sample was floating using a physical attraction engine such as Box2D, the more pure the sound the higher the level of attraction. When sounds collided their samples would play in an ambient muted volume;
12. better explain performance part of the proposal;
13. include task list;
14. testing;
15. investigate other uses of Sasa buki, eg. music training, voice training and therapy etc.

##wrap up

It’s been great participating in this DevArt competition. Have been meaning to pick up web audio code for a while now and now have a few lines under the belt. Very much looking forward to learning more about the possibilities of combining web audio, dart, svg and poetry ;)

So to wrap up, I’m grateful for the opportunity to brainstorm and present the Sasa buki concept to DevArt and the world. The prototype can go a lot further and will do, but for now so that people can play and create i’ve cleaned up the ui a little bit to improve the user experience. 

Instructions: 
1. In Chrome click 'start record' to collect your samples (can be voice instrument etc);
2. After you have a collection, play the samples back by clicking on them (you can click on the same or other sample while one is playing);
3. Click the click/touch button to allow mouseover play of samples (no need to click)
4. Change the type of sound by clicking on the sine, triangle buttons
hint: use the volume tolerance slider if you are picking up background noise.

prototype 7 http://vectorshapes.com/sasabuki/sasa_buki_p7.html

Thank you!

Peter Schonefeld
Westbury, Tasmania 
Australia
